Source: analyticsvidha
	Complete tutorial time series modeling
	https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2015/12/complete-tutorial-time-series-modeling/
	https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2016/02/time-series-forecasting-codes-python/

What is a Time Series:
- 	Data collected at constant time intervals. 
- 	Data is time dependent.   So the basic assumption under a linear regression model
	that the data is independent does not hold. 

Why is Stationarity Important:
- 	There is a very high probability that if a TS has a constant particular
	behavior over time that it will be the same in the future. 


Difference between AR and MA Models?
- 	The primary difference is based on the correlation between time series
	objects and different time points. 
- 	The correlation between x(t) and x(t-n) for n>1 order of MA is always
	zero.  This directly flows from the fact that covariance between x(t) and 
	x(t-n) is zero for MA models. 
- 	On the other hand, with AR models, the covariance beteen x(t) and x(t-n)
	slowly declines as n gets bigger. 
- 	MA model depends on the errors(residuals) of the previous forecasts you made
	to make the current forecasts. 
	AR depends on lagged values of the data you are modeling to make forecasts. 


What is an ACF Plot?
- 	Plot of the total correlation between different lag functions. 

	For instance, the correlation between x(t) with x(t-1), and x(t) with x(t-2).
- 	Note that the blue lines 

What is a PACF Plot?
- 	In the case of the AR model, it looks like we exclude the effect of x(t-1) 
	when checking the correlation of x(t) and x(t-2).

Determining if AR or MA Process?
- 	In a moving average series, we will not get any correlation between 
	x(t) and x(t-1). Hence, the the total correlation cuts off at nth lag. 
- 	In an AR series, the correlation between x(t) and x(t-n) will gradually 
	decrease as n increases. 
- 	Therefore, a sharp cutoff in the ACF plot indicates an MA model and a 
	gradual decrease indicates an AR model. 


What Order of AR or MA process do we need to use?
- 	For an MA process we look for the cut off in the ACF plot. 
- 	For an AR process we look at the cutt off in the PACF plot.  This cut off
	would indicate that there is no correlation between x(t) and x(t-n) and hence
	this would indicate the order of our AR model. 
- 	Ex:  If we have an AR model, and if the PACF drops off after lag 2 
	(so the second bar) then we likely have an AR(2) model . 
- 	According to the second tutorial, 


Dickey Fuller Test:
- 	Can be used to determine if data is stationary. 
- 	library(tseries)
- 	adf.test(data, k=0)

Analyzing TS Process & Order of Operations
1.) 	Vizualize the Time Series:  
	- Try to vizually see if the time series has seasonality, trend, constant mean and variance. 
2.) 	Stationarize the series:
	- Calculate mean and variance over time series.  Ex:  monthplot(ts). 
	- Constant variance: take log of data. 
	- Constant mean: take difference or subtract out mean. 
	- diff(log(ts))
3.) 	Plot ACF/PACF charts. 
	- Determine if this is an AR or MA process. 
	- Determine of what order.  For AR - look for the drop off in the PACF. 
	  For MA, look for the drop off in the ACF. 
4.) 	Build ARIMA model
5.) 	Make predictions. 


How to determine the ARIMA model order (p,d,q)?
-	According to the second tutorial
	p: the lag value where the PACF chart crosses the upper confidence interval
	   for the first time. 
	q: the lag value where the ACF chart crosses the upper confidence interval
           for the first time. 


How to determine best performing model?
- 	According to Analytics Vidhya, the model with the lowest AIC and BIC
	should be the choice. 





